DO THE THING: Elevator Algorithm.
face forward toward door
find panel of buttons on wall
check memory for floor you were asked to go to
scan panel to locate button with correspondng numeric floor label 
use robot digit to press corresponding button 
make sure button illuminates
do not panic when doors close
do not panic when elevator begins to ascend or descend.
look above elevator door for floor indicator.  If no indicator,watch panel
upon arrival at floor, button will lose illumination.  door will open.
exit elevator.

DO THE THING RELEASE 1
Give baby a bath
Input: Dirty baby
Output: Clean baby
Steps
Gather equipment:
	baby bathtub
	all in one baby wash
	small 6 oz cup
	baby washcloth
	hooded baby towel
	baby floating toy
Place bath inside tub
Turn on hot and cold water taps
Adjust taps until water is just above room temperature
Place baby bathtub under water spout
Fill bath halfway
Turn off taps
Place equipment within half an arms length.
Go get naked baby
Keep the baby upright, cradled and supported by your arms
Lower baby into bath, keeping head above water, and body supported by your arm and the tub.
Maintain support of baby with one arm throughout the bathing process.
With your free hand grab the all in one baby wash.  
Squirt a dime size amount on your wash cloth.  
Use that washcloth to gently massage the back of the baby's heads with suds.
Move to top of the head
Stay away from the front of the head and the baby's eyes.
Put down wash cloth.
Take small cup.
Use one hand to tilt back baby's head.
Eyes should point to ceiling.
Use your other hand to fill the small cup half full with water from the bath.
Gently pour the water so that it travels from baby's elevated forehead down the back of it's head and rinses the suds into the bath.
Put another dime size amount of all in one wash on the wash cloth.  Start at the neck and gently massage suds on teh baby's skin.
Work the washcloth down the baby's body
Wash each body part until you reach the feet.
Put down the washcloth.
Lap gentle waves of water across the baby's body.  
Do not splash water on the baby's face.  
Reach for hooded towel with your free arm.
Lay it out to receive baby.
Return arm to scoop up the baby in both arms.
 Cradle the baby's head and gently position it on the hood of the towel.
 fold the rest of the towel around the baby to dry the skin.
 Scoop the bundled baby up into your arm.

 







